happy birthday drink for the birthday
girl aren't you going to ask for my ID I
might not be old enough to drink well I
would never ask your age in front of a
gentleman Jim's no gentleman anyway
there's no secrets between me and Jim is
that so you heard the lady I will be
right back
[Music]
this is the perfect birthday doing thank
you I remember this day a year ago Jim
was so looking forward to meeting you
what how could he be looking forward to
it oh he spent months deciding whether
to wake you up he couldn't stop talking
about him
Jim
oh yes he said it was the hardest
decision of his life but I see it worked
out just fine
what did you wake me up
yes I woke you up I tried not to be seen
I can't see
let's take away from me
[Music]